 Welcome to the website of Chris Obenshain for Delegate. We know your online privacy is important to you, and we want you to know how we may collect, use, disclose, or store Personal Information on this website (“Website”). “Personal Information” is your name, contact information, and other data associated with your name or contact information.

This Privacy Policy applies to Chris Obenshain for Delegate online collection of Personal Information via this Website. Please note that this Policy does not govern Chris Obenshain for Delegate offline collection of Personal Information or collection of Personal Information, online or offline, by Chris Obenshain for Delegate affiliates, or any other entity, unless otherwise specifically stated. This Policy does not apply to Chris Obenshain for Delegate’s presence on a third-party social networking site or any mobile applications not offered for download on this Website. Please see the privacy statements at those locations to learn how your information will be handled.

Personal Information 
We collect the Personal Information you provide us when you request information, register with our Website, make postings to our Website using a registered account, volunteer Personal Information in a survey, communicate with us via email, or otherwise contact us. Chris Obenshain for Delegate uses such information to provide you service, improve its offerings, and advance its mission.

We may share your Personal Information with our service providers and affiliates, as well as other organizations that share our views. We may make this information available to other third parties. We will disclose Personal Information if required by law and may share it in order to protect the legal rights, property, or safety of us or third parties. We also will disclose Personal Information to any new or successor entity should Chris Obenshain for Delegate be reorganized, acquired, or merged with another entity, in whole or in part.

Cookies and Similar Technologies 
Like many websites, this Website may use cookies, image tags, and similar technologies. A cookie is a small text file containing a unique identification number that is stored on your computer. Image tags (also called web beacons, web bugs, clear GIFs, or single-pixel GIFs), which work in conjunction with cookies, are small image files that may be located on select pages of our Website or within web-based emails that we may send. We may also collect your IP address and other information that your browser makes available as a function of visiting our Website.

We use these technologies to learn how our site is used, save your preferences, and improve the performance and offerings of our Website. These technologies do not collect Personal Information, as they do not include your name or contact information. We may share information collected via these technologies to improve our offerings, to advance our mission, or for other purposes.

Email, Mail, and Telephone Communications
If you decide you no longer wish to receive periodic mailings, telephone contacts, or emails from us and like-minded organizations, please let us know by following the instructions you can find on this Website or in the mailings themselves. For example, should you wish to opt-out from emails, you may follow the instructions in the email on how to unsubscribe from such mailings.

Children’s Privacy 
We do not knowingly contact or collect Personal Information from children under 13, and our site is not intended to solicit information of any kind from children under 13. When a user discloses Personal Information on the Website, he or she is representing his or her age as at least 13 years. If we are informed that we have unintentionally received Personal Information from a child under 13, we will delete that information.

Third-Party Links 
This Website may include links to online offerings provided by third parties that Chris Obenshain for Delegate does not own or control. This Privacy Policy does not apply to those third-party offerings. We encourage you to visit any privacy statement available at those locations to learn how your Personal Information may be collected and used.

Security 
Chris Obenshain for Delegate has taken steps designed to protect the loss, misuse, or alteration of your Personal Information. Please note that Personal Information sent over an unsecured Internet connection could be obtained by third parties.

Updates to Privacy Policy
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy policy. If our information practices change materially at some time in the future, we will post an updated policy to our Website.

Contact
If you have questions concerning this Privacy Policy and/or the Website, please contact:

FRIENDS OF CHRIS OBENSHAIN
PO BOX 10041 BLACKSBURG VA 24060

Effective Date: February 24, 2023