Who We Are
Our website address is philscottva.com.

This Privacy Policy governs how Friends of Phillip Scott collects, uses, retains, and discloses data collected on philscottva.com (hereafter called the “website” or “site”). This policy applies to the website, products, and services offered by Friends of Phillip Scott.

What Data We Collect

When visitors leave comments on the site, we collect the comment data, the visitor’s Internet Protocol (IP) address, and the browser user agent string. This data helps to detect spam. We also collect the date and time the visitor accessed the site. We use this information to help determine the number of visitors to the site and to ensure site functionality. This information is not used to identify individuals, except for site security or legal purposes. Unless you choose to provide Personally Identifiable Information (PII), we do not collect it.

Other Data We Collect

If you choose to provide PII, we will collect and may retain your name, address, email, phone number, and other information you provide. This information is used to fulfill your request and provide you with additional information if needed. You may opt-out of future communications by writing us at info@philscottva.com. We may share your information with third parties as needed. If you request information or services, we may disclose your information to third parties to fulfill your request. We will honor your request if you specify that you do not want us to disclose data to third parties. However, if you do not provide this information, it may be impossible to fulfill your request

Data required by law enforcement will be provided to them.

Your Data Rights

If you leave comments or information on the site, you can request an exported file of your data. You can also request to have your personal data erased. However, this does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.

How Long We Retain Data

Information visitors may be kept indefinitely.

Media

If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data included. Visitors to the site can download and extract location data from images on the website.

Contact Forms and Cookies

Our website uses “cookies” to enhance the user experience. Typically, your browser collects cookies, but you may disable cookies or be alerted when cookies are kept. Some parts of our website may not function properly if you do so.

Google Analytics

We use Google Analytics to gather site data. Google Analytics collects how often users visit the site, what pages they visit when they visit, and what other sites they visited before navigating to our site. We use this information to improve the site. Google Analytics collects your IP address when you visit the site but not your PII. We do not combine Google Analytics data with PII. Google Analytics puts a cookie on your browser to identify you as a unique user when you visit the site. This cookie can only be used by Google. Google’s ability to use and share your information when you visit the site is restricted by Google Analytics Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. You can prevent Google from recognizing you on this site by disabling cookies in your browser.

Links to Other Websites

Our website contains links to other websites. Information you provide on linked sites is provided directly to that party and is subject to their privacy policy. This policy does not apply to linked sites. We are not responsible for the content or security of other sites.

How We Protect Your Data

We use industry-standard safeguards to protect your information from loss, theft, misuse, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. However, please be aware that, despite reasonable efforts, no security measures are perfect. No method of data transmission can be guaranteed against interception or other potential types of misuse. All sensitive information—such as credit card data—is encrypted and transmitted securely. You can verify this security by seeing the closed lock icon in the top left of your browser and/or the “HTTPS” at the beginning of our URL address. In addition to protecting your data online, we also protect your data offline. Only employees with a specific need to know are granted access to PII. The computers and servers in which we store PII are kept in a secure environment.

Compliance with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act

This site is in compliance with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA). We do not knowingly collect or retain information from anyone under 13 years old. Our website, information, and services are directed to people at least 13 years of age or older.

Further, if you wish to contribute or donate to Friends of Phillip Scott, you must abide by these rules:

Contribution Rules

I confirm I am a U.S. citizen or lawful permanent resident (i.e., a green card holder).
This contribution is made from my own funds and those of no other.
I am making this contribution with my personal card, for which I am legally obligated to pay, and not with a corporate or business card or a card issued to another person.
I am at least 18 years old. I am not a corporation, labor organization, national bank, foreign national without a green card, a federal contractor, or federally impermissible source. I am making this contribution on my behalf and no other.
Political contributions are not treated as tax-deductible or charitable contributions.
Changes to Privacy Policy

Friends of Phillip Scott has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. If or when Friends of Phillip Scott does, we will post a notification on this page with the date of the change. Please check our website for changes and stay informed about how we protect PII. By accessing this site, you agree and acknowledge that it is your responsibility to review this policy and be aware of potential changes.

Acceptance of Terms

By using this site, you agree with this policy. If you disagree with this policy, please do not use this site. Your continued use of the site now and/or after future changes to the policy indicates your continued agreement with the policy.

Contact

If you have questions regarding this policy or website, don’t hesitate to contact us at: info@philscottva.com

Last updated: December 1, 2022