Overview
If you feel that this organization is not abiding by its posted privacy policy, you should first contact our Webmaster via our ‘Contact’ webpage.

Information Collection and Use
Vivan Watts is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement. Vivan Watts collects information from our users at several different points on our website.

Registration, Literature Request, Feedback and Contact Forms
Some portions of the Vivan Watts website may request that a user complete a contact form. Optional demographic information may also be collected. A user has the option to submit a question or concern via the website using a customer service / contact form. The user is required to provide name and email address and contact information so that we can answer their question or request.

Cookies
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user’s machine containing information about the user. By having our site set a cookie the user would not have to enter their personal information more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. If a user rejects the cookie, they may still use our site. The only drawback to this is that the user will be limited in some areas of our site; for example, the user will not receive personalized service. Cookies also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance their experience on our site.

Log Files
We use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. Log files capture the cookie ID and IP address but are not linked in the web traffic analysis.

Sharing
We will share aggregated demographic information with our partners. This is not linked to any personal information that can identify any individual person. We partner with other parties to provide specific web related services. When the user uses these services on our website, we will only share names, or other information that is necessary for the third party to provide the service. Services include online surveys, search, dealer locators, ‘contact’ or ‘customer service’ forms. These parties are not allowed to use personally identifiable information except for the purpose of providing the requested services.

Links
This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by the website listed in the first paragraph of this policy document.